update to forms (#198)
onflow/flow: docs/content/token/delivery.mdx

    ![](https://storage.googleapis.com/flow-resources/documentation-assets/token%20delivery%20assets/FlowPortMyAccount.png)

>  8. Now that you have your deposit address, you can begin the process to claim your FLOW from Dapper Labs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 8. Now that you have your deposit address, you can begin the process of claiming your FLOW from Dapper Labs
```

> Please submit your details to [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdJHHxA4IK6TGHId84YBh_zQ-DVPXLJ3_ektX9TdHiQPcC1LQ/viewform) if you are a FLOW backer. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please submit your details using [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdJHHxA4IK6TGHId84YBh_zQ-DVPXLJ3_ektX9TdHiQPcC1LQ/viewform) if you are a FLOW backer. 
```

> Please submit your detils to [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeeBuFVXoMmKwF141TD1jL_HTf3XN4-sTphPUYEB-Ed57vJLQ/viewform) if you are claiming a FLOW lease or grant.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please submit your details using [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeeBuFVXoMmKwF141TD1jL_HTf3XN4-sTphPUYEB-Ed57vJLQ/viewform) if you are claiming a FLOW lease or grant.  
```
